Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
from Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hansel minutes, all weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologist Scott Hanselman. This is
Lawrence Ryan announcing show number 504.
In this episode of Hansel
minutia. Scott talks again with
Richard Campbell about technology gadgets, industry
trends and new directions. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes. This is Hanselman Nooshin
number 17. Hansel minutia is
exactly what it sounds like.
It's a portmanteau with my
name and minutia. This is
random stuff that I talk
about with my friend Richard.
And this started when I
used to call Richard when
I had some rant or
some thing that bug the
heck out of me, and
I would talk to you
on the phone and we
would complain and somewhere around
halfway through it, you would
say, why don't we just
record these? Yeah. So these
are your kind of like
a regular, a regular guest
on the podcast and you
come on and you, we
rant about stuff, but also,
you know, you do some,
some angel investing and you're
a techie and a gadget
person. So we also talk
about the direction that the
world is going from a
technology perspective. I had done
this for like eight years.
Yeah, the podcast you are
probably episode 501. I think
I hit episode 500 last
week. Nice. Did you do
something so celebratory 500 is
on a round number. It's
pretty rough, maybe for five
12, actually a real round
round number. Yeah. So I
just came off a whole
lot of travel. Both my
soul is tired. It was
William Gibson. Who said that jet
lag is actually the effects
of your soul being pulled
out of your body from
jet travel. You just catch
us up. Yeah, it really
does. I've been going to
bed early and getting up
early. The thing that is
nice about doing jet travel
when you travel West is
you get the superpower of
being a morning person just
like that for free. So
I'm temporarily a morning person,
which kind of sucks. Cause
I don't like morning people.
So now, so now I
don't like myself and that
is problem. Cause I'm usually
like Now in this flurry
of my travel, I went
to South Africa and so I
flew for 12 hours and
didn't change time zones. And
that literally lets you know,
I went from Frankfurt to
South Africa and that really lets
you know how much air
travel sucks versus time zone
changes. It turns out air
travel sucks. I gotcha. So
you were moving West at
the same speed at which
the earth turns and ended
up arriving the same moment
you left. Well, 12 hours
later, but you know, no
excuses for why you're so
tired and cranky. Yeah. I'm
a mess. I'm a mess.
And my last travel was
North and South. So I've
got North South jetlag as
well. Right? It's awful. Oh,
speaking of feeling like crap
and actually I have measurable,
I can measure it now.
I, I went and I
got the band, the band
too. Did you get one
of these? I have not
yet, but it is on
a Christmas list for the
wife. So she wants one
For the, for the people
who are listening to the
podcast, you can go and
listen, look at the YouTube,
go to my youtube@youtube.com slash
. But the, the new
band is it's pretty nice.
It is actually much, much
more comfortable than the previous
one. It's interesting because it's
the first reaction you'll have.
When you look at the
new band is it looks
big and bulky what's happened
is they've taken the sides
of the band, which were
big and bulky on the
original band. And they moved
it to the bottom. This
part here, they moved the
heart monitor to here, right?
And while it looks bulky,
it is so much more
comfortable. The original band you
had to put on and
then suffer for a month
and then go, ah, and
then you'd eventually forget about
it. You get used to
it. There's sensors on the
back of it. And there's
also sensors of the class,
Right? There's a galvanic skin
response one at the top,
right? And then there is
the heart rate. One at
the bottom. The result is
the result is a much
more comfortable band. I got
one for my wife and
she immediately replaced her Fitbit
and she totally digs it.
What inspiration are you using?
Like what is it? God,
It's got like 12 or
13 things, but the ones
that are interesting, you know,
of course the pulse and
stuff like that. The excuse
me, the UV Ray one
is nice. If you're outside,
it'll tell you how long
until you'll burn. Which for
me is about 10 minutes.
But the, what I like
about it is of course
the web tile stuff that
I helped design so I
can make, I can make
little apps. So like here
is that one that says
webcam, webcam never does. The,
the one that says AP
is the associated press web
tile. And it actually shows
you the news. You can
go and make your own
web tiles. So even with
very little anyone who does
JavaScript or the tiny little
bit of HTML can make
a web tile nice. And
a web tile is just
a zip file with a
JavaScript file inside it. And
I made one to track
my blood sugar. You could
make one for any device
around your house or any
JavaScript or a blog, your
favorite blog or anything that
returns XML or Jason, that's
actually a visual designer you
can drag around and make.
So, so if you had
to build server anything at
all you could do in
10 minutes, make a, make
a tile, which is nice.
This one also has a
barrier of barometer, barometric pressure.
So it knows how far
upstairs you went. So it
counts flights of stairs. That's
a stupid trick too, but
Could it figure out if
you had a tornado coming?
You know, I don't know
it or maybe it just
think he went downstairs really
fast. I don't know. I
remember hanging around with a
meteorological geek at the Eglin
air force space outside of
Fort Walton, beach, Florida. And
he had, he kept on
his wall, the barometric readings
of a tornado going right
over the facility was in
and just, he was so
excited at the pressure drop.
Like it was, it got
higher and higher and higher
pressure. And suddenly this bang
is the thing went over
it and then came back
up again. That for a
meteorologist is a big deal.
Yeah. Excited about yet. Build
it. Your wife just didn't
care Was trying to feign
interest. Yeah. I don't really
care. Well, I was nicer
about it. I apologize. That
is fascinating. You don't need
your pity enthusiasm, honestly. It's
all good. It's all good.
Oh, one of the things
I got that I'm happy
about is I took my
surface and I replaced it.
I have a surface pro
three, you know, the service
roll forward, came out and
you know, I'm just, You
recently made your three worthless.
Yeah. I've literally just paid
this thing off. So I
don't want to, I don't
want to go buy something.
I just, I just paid
for this thing. Right. But
I got the keyboard, the
surface for keyboards. Great. So
here's, here's the deal like,
you know, I don't work
for Microsoft marketing, but if
I did, I would make
a surface pro three upgrade
pack. Right. And I would
sell the new keyboard and
the new pen and it
makes your surface pro three
better. They should just be
like a hundred dollar pack
or $150 pack and you
buy it, you drop it
in the new keyboard and
the new, the new pen,
everything is better like this.
It's a great device, like
to be clear, but once
you've used this keyboard, that's
it it's over. Like, you'll
never, the old keyboard will
offend you and the new
one with the fingerprints. Pretty
nice too, man. Yeah. That's
not, that's the surface pro
that's the surface, which we
will talk about. Yup. But
I'm just saying that I
can sit here with this
guy and then just put
the fingerprint and then I'm
logged in. Yeah. You know
what I mean? And that's
really nice. So I'm very,
very happy with that purchase
it. I would recommend it
to everyone. I did a
blog post about it recently.
Also Happy with your three
after the four came out,
you played with the book
and you're like, well, now
this thing's absolutely. So there's,
there's, there's a couple of
things there. There's the surface
pro four, which has a
better screen, smaller bezel spit,
faster speed. But it was
the keyboard. That was the
trick. Yeah. And when they
added the, the drivers for
the fingerprint for 'em To
enable the four keyboard on
the three I'm sold, I'm
good. I don't need a
forum. Happy. Nice. But you
went and bought a surface
book. So I actually ordered
this thing while the keynote
was still going on. In
fact, I had finished my
order before I do the
screen came off. Is it
the ultimate laptop that they
have? I promised you, it
is the nicest laptop I've
had and I've had some
pretty nice laptops. It is
clearly first-generation hardware. So I
have had three firmware updates
in a week and a
bit, a little twitchy here
and there, but there's so
much good about this machine.
Isn't it a little top
heavy at all. Yes. It
doesn't sit well on your
lap. It'll tend to lean
back. But I don't know.
He saw me laptop though.
I thought the whole point
of the argument against the
surface is the lack of
lap ability. Right? If I
can't expect that from a
surface book And it, it
depends on the lap. I
can use it there. I
just tend not to. I
never thought I'd use the
screen, pull off feature and
I've immediately used it. So
I was, we did a
hackathon this past weekend for
humanitarian toolbox. And so I
was walking around, checking in
with devs about race. You're
working on the key milestone
items and stuff and having
the screen loose. It just
made it really pleasant to
do. And they call that
clipboard mode. Right? You basically
used it as a clip.
There it is Put off
here. And again, the people
who are listening, I have
to go and check it
out at the YouTube. I
don't know if you could
see this picture, but that
is a photograph from the
discovery satellite, which is an
L one. So it's between
the earth and the sun.
And it actually, there's a
camera facing the planet all
the time, which is where
it's fully illuminated because it's
between the earth and the
sun. And they happened to
cat a picture as the
moon was transiting in front
of the earth. So that
is the dark side. That
I'm the real, that's real.
That is not a component.
You go to Snopes and
discover. This is not real.
I got it from NASA.
So it's the real thing.
Okay. So you're happy with
the laptop though. Hey, you
know, it's been a week
so far, so good. I've
moved everything over to it.
I spent the past week
on the road and I
carried my old laptop and
the new one. And now
I feel like I can
carry just the new one.
Although I ordered another gadget
I haven't picked up, which
is one of those ACEs,
10 ADP monitors that are
both powered and signaled by
USB three. So really it's
a 50 Screen weighs less
than a pound. Is that
palms with its own stand.
And you plugged into USB
three port extension monitor. And
what is this called? It's
a, it's an ASIS monitor.
I think it's still one
69, B 69 B monitor.
Huh? There was a thing
called MIMO monitors that you
could, you could use the
display link technology and you
could send HTMI over something
that you can send video
over, over USB three. Is
it really, it's probably doing
some compression though. Isn't it
It's USB three. It should
be able to do it.
It's only 10 80 P
so not talking nothing. Any
miracles, 1366 by seven 68.
So there's one model. It's
seven 68, one model. It's
10 80, but is a
10 and one that's a
10 80, but it's IPS,
Scandalous and interesting. And you
like this, this is a
good one. I just ordered,
I haven't gotten it yet,
but I'd seen one in
the wild and then went.
Yep. I want that. Well,
yeah, You know, they, they've
got that duet application, which
is, and there's another one
called air display. These are
using your iPad as a
second screen. Right? I A
duet for, I think it's
15 or 16 bucks. We'll
let you do that. But
one of them, I forgot.
I think it is duet
prefer, you know, some of
them do it wirelessly, which
is not good. But yeah,
this is a, it's a
duet display. It is wired
connection. So it's only your
computer to your iPad and
with a wired connection. So
basically to like you should
describing two screens and you
could be in a hotel
room somewhere with your laptop
and then boom, you've got
a second screen. Right? I've
been exploring that as a
possibility for my, my surface.
Well, I be carrying the
two laptops, which a bit
too heavy, but it's nice
to have a second screen.
So now I just want
to carry the screen. Interesting.
I don't know if the
I've already got an iPad
lying around. If you can
use that iPad screen, you
use it. Absolutely. Yeah. Then
of course you have to
deal with the DPI differences.
You move from screen to
screen though. I got to
look at that as well.
Okay. That's a good, I
got to put all this
in the show notes because
this is giving me food
for food. I thought I've
got the link. I'll send
it to you. Okay, cool.
I think the last time
we did this, had we
talked about Google changing its
name, the holding company name
to alphabet that was made.
Yeah, it was the last
of this. So I think
maybe it was just happening.
There was something like that.
No, that was the show.
We were going to talk
about Google IO. And then
you had that incident in
subway and that's all we
talked about Because there's always
some incident at subway that
gets me upset about stuff.
So w thoughts on alphabet,
They kind of it, then
it became a non, a
non issue. I was kind
of waiting to see if
there would be other things
after this, like another, like
Google's the G and then
is there another company that
is another letter? Have they
done that already? Have they
announced other companies Underneath it?
Not that I've seen. I
thought it was just a,
a legal game. They want
to play with ownership. They
want to be legal. The
sec rules. It's just a
way of a way of
packaging up the commentators differently
and hiding their reporting. So
they don't have to admit
that they're spending money on
asteroid mining. I thought it
was a nod. I thought
it was not a tax
thing. I thought it was
about focus like Google did
search and then they'd have
a health division and then
they'd have a asteroid mining
division or whatever. Like it
was about separate companies with
each individual focus. Well, I'd
hope so, but I guess
we'll see what actually happens.
Hey folks, I wanted to
take a moment to tell
you about Reagan and their
new product called pulse. Reagan
is an error and crash
reporting software provider and their
new product pulse. It's a
realtime user monitoring product. It
gives you performance data and
user insights. Lets you understand
exactly what's happening when users
interact with your software. So
you're never left. Guessing. Reagan
provides you with the answers
to your performance questions and
they've found over 10 billion that's
billion with a B bugs
and customer apps with their
crash reporting product. And now
Reagan will help you understand
application quality. Like no one
else. Over 30,000 developers worldwide,
can't be wrong. I use
Reagan and all the time
and I enjoy it very
much. You can try it
out today with a no
risk 30 day free trial
start improving your software quality
immediately try Reagan for free
today@reagan.io. Speaking of shell games
and funny names for everyone
thinks that there's a new,
a new car company coming,
not Tesla, but one called
Farah day because apparently we're
going to name all of
our car companies after famous
electrical engineering people. I had
not heard this and okay,
so Faraday is go ahead
and start Googling around for
it. There, it sounds like
it's a shell company that
it's actually hidden hiding the
Apple car. That would make
sense. Yeah. And I don't
know if I want an
Apple car. Yeah. There's something
said about that, but you
know, making cars is way
harder than it looks. You
know, it's one of those
things we take for granted.
Why, why is that? Because
the suspension is so difficult.
It's all of the things,
you know, when I got
fascinated with cards as a
kid, you know, my teens,
you needed to maintain your
car. You had to constantly
tinker with it. Cars needed
caring, feeding. And then about
20 years ago. So they
just stopped. They got to
a level of manufacturing and
design where a, you couldn't
work on it. And B
they didn't break. You know,
they took them in once
or twice a year for
maintenance. And that was it.
And that represents a very
sophisticated level of, I don't
think other companies can get
into that easily. That's interesting.
Also it brings up the
question of about maintenance. I'm
realizing I turn a computer
on, I have a Mac
here and a PC that
I don't use very often
and I turn them both
on and it's been maybe
three months each of them.
And I'm not trying to
pick on Mac or PC.
Each of them required way
more app updating system, updating
windows, updating, updating than I
think is required after just
three months off the network.
Oh wow. Yeah. You know
what I mean? That's, that's
a lot to ask. Does
the same thing happen if
I parked the car at
longterm parking, is it going
to just go and get
all the different updates and
firmwares and stuff? You know,
even a modestly old car,
like an early two thousands
Prius still has to get
firmware updates. Yeah. And, but
just because you parked the
car, doesn't mean it's actually
off like is the real
issue here that your machines
are actually off. They should
be in a standby mode,
picking up their updates on
their own time. Not, you
know, the sin is interrupting
you that when you turn
that machine on, because you
needed to use it right.
Then it's like, Oh wait,
I have things to do
before I can serve you.
That's a good point. And
interestingly enough, you know, windows
has done a decent job
about that lately. They've been,
they've been adding this idea
of, I will do the
install when you're not busy.
Right. You know, and they'll
schedule, they'll let you schedule
it or they'll just notice
that you're not busy. So
I have not with windows
10 had a time when,
when I have been interrupted
by the update, it just
has been happening. But from
a car perspective, how can
the car not know that
you're going to jump in
like right now and race
to the hospital? No, I
think there's a probability thing
too. Yeah. You know, you're
less likely in the wee
hours of the morning. Maybe
it's got some history to
you, so it knows what
you tend to do, but
even if it is updating,
why would you stop from
driving? You know, my new
Infiniti and I've had a
few, has a very slow
boot time you're calling boots
up. Oh yeah. And it's
visible to different screens. They
start at different times. They
say loading apps, you drive
it while it's booting. Absolutely.
And more importantly, when you
flip it and reverse the
reverse camera lights up right
away, the most annoying part
of that behavior is if
you've left the radio on,
when you parked the car,
it will be on when
you start the car and
you can't turn it off
and it's it down. Is
it still So it's loud
and screaming at you? Well,
you know, Know how, when
you come home, you've been
rocketed out on a long
drive home, you know, I'm
coming back from Redmond. So
the music's loud. And then
you get in the car
the next morning, turn it
on. And you're like, ah,
and there's other, you can
do soft buttons. It's all
soft buttons. So now I've
been the reflex of, part
of me turned, the car
off is turn the radio
off. I'm accommodating my car,
The internet of things. Right.
We talked a little bit
about this before the idea
of all the different things
we have to update firmware
for. Yes. I've, I've got
these light bulbs that still
have old from where, because
it's just, now, it's now
it's just tedious and they're
not automatically updating themselves. And
I saw a guy on,
on Facebook recently was saying
that he had to put
a firmware update on his,
on his fridge where he's
rebooting his refrigerator in some
way. But the concerning part
is that these companies that
are making all of these
internet of things, the internet
of crap is that they,
they're not always going to
be around, you know, like
some of these light bulbs
that I've got, I don't
even know what the company
is around anymore. You know,
like it was a kid,
But that's no different than
Osborn or Columbia or, you
know, companies fail. But those
aren't being used anymore by
like by the masses. Right?
Like if what I'm saying
is that it's conceivable that
millions of internet of thing,
items could be sold and
the company could still fail
and then they are all
a liability. Yes. Right. They're
all just floating out there,
providing a bridge into my
house. Yep. A path of
vulnerability without a doubt, just
like that access point that
the subway had. Right. And
you think maybe the company
still exists, but they're not
going up there yet. Yeah.
Well, the other thing that's
happening is that there are
products that are having internet
capabilities added to them by
companies that it is the
internet. Part of the product
is not their, their, their,
their expertise. Right. Core skillset.
I saw this brilliant, a
young woman named Marina. Sandvik
at the Trondheim developers conference
a couple of weeks ago.
And she and her team
had hacked into a sniper
rifle that the company had
added wifi to. Right. Like
I'm not, I'm not a
big a gun person, but
you know, I'm sure it's
a lovely guns sniper. It
also has this ability to
identify targets and then fire.
And they basically hacked into
it and lied to it
about what the target was.
Nice. No, it's not a
self shooting weapon, but it
is a, you know, I
want to point at that
thing. And then it will
decide about wind speed and
all this stuff, and then
do the adjustments and they
just lied to it so
they can point it at
other stuff. And the company
that made this weapon is
not particularly interested in fixing
it, which kind of gets
to my point that they
probably shouldn't have added wifi
to it because, you know,
security, hardening and firmware and
all that kind of stuff
was not there. Not only
that was not their, their
expertise, then their principle way
of, of being, and then
also what who's going to
update the firmware on their
gun. Right. Well, you know,
I think you're fairly motivated
to do that, but the
bigger thing is why did
they add wifi? Like they're
not committing to the full
requirement. It's not just a
check box. So you're putting
it in. It takes some
care of feeding. No. Yeah,
yeah, Totally. Right. Then you
needed an entire organization behind
it too, to manage that
thing. Like when you, when
your company enters the world
of the internet of things,
by adding new stuff, if
it's just one person, right.
These, these products always seem
to, to fail. They always
seem to include not enough.
Like for example, when people
add wifi to different things,
often you'll go and look
at their open source licenses
and you'll see that they
use open source software, but
then they don't include the
license or text. They don't,
they don't include the list
of the software that they,
that they shipped with the
thing. So then you see
all these people complaining like
this doesn't, this violates the
GPL, or they haven't really
released the source or whatever.
And it's just this kind
of laissez Faire attitude about,
about the internet of things
is that it's really starting
to bug me. It makes
me afraid to want to
plug any of these things
in, not that I'm gonna
plug a sniper rifle into
my house, but light bulbs,
at least. Yeah. In a
related note this past weekend,
the Atlantic magazine put out
an article called programmers, stop
calling yourselves engineers. Ooh, that's
a controversial. And it's an
indictment of, this is what
engineering discipline looks like. And
I know you guys are
using the title, but you
haven't earned it. Programmers, stop
calling yourself engineers. It undermines
a long tradition of designing
in Brazil, building infrastructure in
the public interest. Yikes. Well,
I can't disagree with the
argument authors making well, I
mean, it is a, it
is a valid argument and
actually I've in the middle,
I'm in the middle of
writing a blog post right
now that talks about my
concern that we have outsourced
QA to the end user
because the updates cycle in
the cloud enables us to
update most stuff much quicker.
So that means we can
put sloppy things out, but
that only works, you know,
in the old days, of
course you work really hard
for two years and you
put out a really solid
first release and it now
like seems everything is version
0.9, you know, and permanent
betas. Yeah. We are in
a state of PERMA beta.
And I don't like it
because I just, you know,
you know how, when you're
at a party or a
cocktail party and you hear
like, I don't want to
go to cocktail parties you're
somewhere. And there's that, that
moment of calm when everyone
stops their sentence at the
same time, you know? And
it's just like, Oh, and
you know how it's rare,
right. This has been happening
my entire life, but it's
still rare that I notice
it. Okay. It's a thing
that happens in software. So
there's a moment where windows
10 was released and, and
my browser was stable and
window. And, you know, in
the office to 2016 was
stable and there was silence
for a moment where everything
worked for about a week.
And then, and then all
the betas started up again.
And then it was like,
you know, iOS nine, everything
was great. Everything was fine.
And then, you know, I
just have to have the
taco emojis. So I put
the beta of 9.1 and
then everything just goes to
heck. Yup. And you'd think
with standards like iMac and
whatnot that, you know, in
Cal dev, I be able
to talk to my Gmail,
but even now I'm getting
errors on iOS nine because
I can't stand like, well,
it's just, it's very frustrating.
I, I I've complained about
this before, but I'm starting
to realize that if the
outsourcing of QA is one
of the larger problems, that's
bugging me, Well, this is,
this is the indictment of
the engineering thing, right? Like
if you ran around calling
yourself a doctor and trying
to do doctorate type things,
you're going to get charged.
Like it's a crime. We
put engineer in our title,
we talk about software engineering
groups and we, and in
real engineering, civil engineering, you
know, this may be one
engineer in that entire group.
That's an actual engineer, that's
a PE a practicing engineer
that's certified that, that maintains
all the rules and is
beholden to the public, not
to his company, but to
the public, to the certifying
body. Yeah. I mean, I
have to, I'm looking at
this Atlantic article right here,
and it's talking about skyscrapers
and bridges and power plants
and elevators, you know, and
the thing about them is
that there are professional standards
and expectations, and you put
your life in, you know,
in the hands of the
engineers that create this kind
of stuff. And that's the
difference between the kind of
people who make websites. I
like, like I do. And
the kind of people who
make, you know, actual baby
monitors that run neonatal wards
and medical software that kind
of has to work and
Literally your software, like you
can kill somebody with an
elevator pretty easily. We'll patch
that up. We all have
the great stories of, you
know, the software failed and
people are endangered because of
it. It was really interesting
article here, civil engineering, mechanical
engineering, aerospace engineering chemicals. These
are all engineerings. They are
a pretty noble. And this,
this article is basically implying
that, that software engineers for
the most part. And I
think when they say software
engineers, they're talking about, you
know, the mainframe main mainstream
consumer type applications, not necessarily
people that are working on
actual control systems and stuff.
I assume that there must
be some, like when I
was in working in banking,
like we took quality quite
seriously. We didn't whip out
a new app, a new
version of the banking software.
Yeah. But we both went
through 99 and it was
all hands on drag to
try and survive the 2000
rollover. Right. Yeah. Well, and
we worked on a lot
of stuff really fast. The
testing was sort of post
facto. I mean, we got
through it. I figured the
2000 was going to be
the point at which real
regulation hit the software industry.
We were gonna, we were
to crush the world with
the Y two K bug.
And that was going to
be yet Stuff that really
mattered though in Y two
K was getting fixed, you
know, everything got fixed and
it was being fixed quietly
because it was infrastructure stuff.
And the stuff that did
break like alarm clocks and
stuff didn't matter. It didn't
really matter Some survived. I
worked on that. I think
he did too. And I
know folks that worked on
other utility aspects, water and
electricity and so forth, we
did have to fix it.
I've just every real engineering
discipline has sort of Seminole
moments, you know, in Canada,
they talk about this bridge
collapse that happened in 1900.
And that supposedly made rings
out of the iron from
that collapsed bridge that every
engineer wears as part of
their oath saying never again
is going to be our,
our iron rain moment for
software. Cause it's clearly coming.
I was watching minority report,
which is really great, not
the movie, but the TV
show. It's a great TV
show and the tragedy is
it probably won't be renewed,
but it's, it's really, really
good. Interesting. It's really good.
And it's good because it
talks about, because it's set
in 2065 and they talk
about the past, like it
was like the actual past,
and then we're all carried
forward by it. And it's
really interesting on an episode
I was watching yesterday, two
of these hackers were talking
and one of them was
like, you know, we all
thought it was going to
change after 2035, when like
everyone's email became public. You
know, that was the hack
everyone's email became public. And
they said, you know, 15 million
suicides happened because of that
because of every, every single
person on the planet, email
became public. And that's when
whatever cryptos scenario, you know,
that's when we encrypted the
internet. Right. And when, when,
when you're listening to that
and I was listening to
that going, wow, I could
totally see that happening. You
know, like some Epic hack,
you know, some Snowden, two
plus two powers, Epic consumer
level hack, you know, like
everyone's Facebook becomes public or
whatever, whatever it is. Would
that be like you said,
the iron ring moment that
would flip it. I don't
know. I don't know what
it's going to take, but
we need to become an
engineering discipline. We are eating
the world and we're doing
it very haphazardly Very wise,
very wise, very wise. We're
coming up on 30 minutes.
What else do we have
Did the humanitarian toolbox hackathon
this past weekend on the
Microsoft property? It was at
the garage and Billy 27.
What did you all build?
People can go in and
Google for humanitarian toolbox and
learn about the software that
you make to help the
red cross and disaster recovery.
So we were working on
the white cross project project
called already. We're actually getting
to the middle viable product.
We're ready to put it
in the field this month.
Seriously. Yeah, we're there. Oh,
congratulations. It was a really
great sprint, like a great
group, some MVPs, a couple
of RDS and a bunch
of regular developers that just
were interested in the project.
And we all came together
and, and we, we hauled,
we Tightening some screws and
getting it ready for release.
Yeah. And had a couple
of red cross people there.
So they're, they're looking at
taking it out. And the
goal is, this is the
first scenario. Cause this app
could do a lot of
different things is putting smoke
detectors into homes. Don't have
them. So finding qualified installers,
that'll donate their time and
homes that need them and
just using some geolocation to
coordinate them so that each
installer, you know, the one
thing red cross has taught
me is just get somebody
to volunteer. Doesn't mean you
should waste their time, right.
Value the time available. So
here's a qualified installer. And
if we do everything all
by hand, maybe you'll get
a couple of smoke detectors
installed at a day. But
if I get the software
right, maybe six, eight, 10
in a day, like this
is simply saving lives. Very
cool. And this is people
can go and see this
code. It's all up on
GitHub, github.com/hd box slash already.
Okay. And of course, if
they go in and they
Google for him, a humanitarian
toolbox, they'll find it. And
then from there they can
also find the code HD
box. So to, or give
you can't spell humanitarian, you're
saying HT box Vox, humanitarian
toolbox box. Cool. Well, thank
you very much. Richard Campbell for
chatting with me. My pleasure,
sir. Always fun. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.